Move System.Diagnostics.Process lengthy remarks to files (#5360)
dotnet/dotnet-api-docs: includes/remarks/System.Diagnostics/Process/WaitForExit.md

<xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit> makes the current thread wait until the associated process terminates.  It should be called after all other methods are called on the process. To avoid blocking the current thread, use the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.Exited> event.

This method instructs the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process> component to wait an infinite amount of time for the process and event handlers to exit. This can cause an application to stop responding. For example, if you call <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.CloseMainWindow%2A> for a process that has a user interface, the request to the operating system to terminate the associated process might not be handled if the process is written to never enter its message loop.

> [!NOTE]

> >  In the [!INCLUDE[net_v35_long](~/includes/net-v35-long-md.md)] and earlier versions, the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit> overload waited for <xref:System.Int32.MaxValue> milliseconds (approximately 24 days), not indefinitely. Also, previous versions did not wait for the event handlers to exit if the full <xref:System.Int32.MaxValue> time was reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In .NET Framework 3.5 and earlier versions, the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Process.WaitForExit> overload waits for <xref:System.Int32.MaxValue> milliseconds (approximately 24 days), not indefinitely. Also, those versions do not wait for the event handlers to exit if the full <xref:System.Int32.MaxValue> time is reached.
```
